Hello
Well then thank you for looking at the loop today
It is Tsutomu Ikeda of the Miyanosuke regular role
That impression is good
About a month and a half with the feeling that it has reached here
weekly
Wonder if much thanks to Mr.
Let me resist
Something moment from this role
that
Waking or sleeping this, however No much or rather never away
It is good about medicine
I think it was a month and a half I kept thinking, but
That's it today
On the stage
It is so great to be able to make flowers
As an actor
I'm glad Thank you to really really auspicious day
So
What is it
I why I will introduce
It was black on the second floor
Only what or 4 company worth
2 re
Night Marisa There is a viewing today Thank you very much
Really it is really that watch
It is a glamorous world
Second place
Losing to the container set
Without losing this together, we are more colorful
I will do my best, so thank you for your support until the end of the year
It is Miyanomori series officer Nobuhiko Tanaka
everyone's officials Itadakimashita theater the n also Thank you
There are also times when we themselves are actually very close to the audience and the stage
Zura things like a power to be charged from that audience is in the relationship's soul
Even when the thing there is a feeling that says Do not have gone with more and more people of the play quite there let alone
It was actually that from here
Ponnouveau
It is the time of MiyaNoboru proceed and air vent that was there there today
I'm finished the Honjin Tsuji pro
Good good
It says that the logo is difficult even with hanging
It was decided but
I am really happy to be able to meet the first day safely
Really When one God is not Ika concentrated c
Since it becomes likely to drink to other brothers tooth
I would like to well-known Mercy peace of mind you wish Shi directly below
Yup
People that is the loneliness of Hiroshi Mori role the house of a woman Date
Thank you for nice
I am the third time this time
After all
Every time
Also good place not known yet in thinking of Hiroshi
But for myself
I am very happy to be able to play hard
To the end of the year
Thanking you in advance
Yes there is no lower forest, it's about Sakurai
Thank you very much
Mr. Cast who is really
Blessed
I'm not really happy to be in production at a company
is not it
I want to make my own effort so that I can make Masayoshi even more and more during the production
I think thank you for today
Rabbit car after all
Thank you Japanese
ana
Second time
What
Had
New ship
I ornate really
Doing
By all means
To various people
Looking at roughly
Do you think
Yes
Nippori still cheap
I heard Thank you for is a small fine
newly
The previous cast as a cast
One more color that captures the feeling of Mr. Cast
Because I will play Mr. Mamoru hard until Chiakiraku
east
Thank you for your support with warm eyes
It is examination of that technology 100
Thank you for the fraction
Remember Usodesune noo
What do amazing or assembly equipment also went very nostalgic
I am happy
From now on, to all of the servants
It is the first day of production but I think I think I can meet
I will try my best
Your infrastructure
I I
You have
Well then you can get it now
Like the world
So I think I want to do my best to be able to deliver Yes thank you